foreign
[Music]
and I appreciate it because Here and Now on this Sabbat
we can finally be in a place where we can function
freely and we can find that thing called
the unassailable freedom my job tonight
since you've given me your time and attention is to bring you the things
that you haven't seen or heard my job is to show you
how to have ears to hear I am here to profane
the mystery that is I'm here to make it clear to you
so that you may enter into contract
with Lucifer the Morning Star
that contract is an exchange esoteric
understanding of the universe for your soul
it's very simple you must be born again
and it's my job to put you in that time machine to stuff you in that time machine and to take you
back to the place where this was all done I need you to be
able to taste the dust I need you to to smell the funk
so I need to be able to take you places that honestly other people
don't want to go or can't go
the first principle I'd like to convey to you
anyone who appears with me will appear with a head shaved
in mourning the we are in mourning
who died what's that I smell it's the death of Jehovah
I am going to show you what Auto current discovered
Otto Kern was a German classical philologist in the early 20th century
and Otto Kern said there is something being used in Antiquity this cult
language we'll call it the orphic Vox
they are hiding the mystery within the
Vox it's a language within a language it's what the pythagoreans call the
Upsilon the left-handed and the right-handed path you can read any text
but if you read a text that is encrypted with the orphic Vox
you can read a text that only is only for those with ears to hear
yeah that's the expression for those of you who have ears to hear
and that's my goal tonight is to give you those ears to hear
and I'm going to do that very simply by just transporting us back I'm going to
show you a never before read text this thing has never been translated
into English I'll tell you how we found it
and I'll translate for you and you will be in a place that you only
you who are sitting as initiates are able to
come to hail Satan
before we begin I'd like to consult with your voice during this process
I know that you are serious and I know you want you don't want the
theories look I've been watching you you don't want the theories
you don't want the professors and the academics to come out and to tell you their theory
that they somehow created in the midst of some cognitive Circle jerkery
you don't want that you want the actuality it turns out the actuality the
historical reality is far more interesting than the
drama that you hear and reject instinctively you reject it I
know you do yeah children children
need to come as children yeah okay for the first time we're going to look on
this material and it's going to blow some minds of the way that people think but I'm going to ground you in a time
and a place where you'll never forget it and it'll make its mark on you I am
using the images now of the mystery
yeah yeah okay so
we're going to learn how to read some orphic Greek and and we're going to break the seal
we're going to break the seal and just by way to shock somebody into their
senses who's going to start watching this and participating if you've come to
this classroom realize you don't know anything you have not read the Bible
don't say that you have don't try to quote it you don't know what it is you
haven't seen it you haven't read it okay that's what I tell all the seminarian students that I have
yeah and they realize that I'm telling them the truth you haven't read it don't tell
me you have don't tell me you have if you've gone to church don't tell me you have if you know King James and the
smell of his underwear I don't care you haven't read it if you haven't gone
in the Greek and I'm not talking about I'm not talking about Bible College
and I am not talking about seminaries because
I mean you need to swim in the depths of the Greek and that's what I'm going to
do for you tonight I'm going to bridge that Gap because I can do that and here's a wonderful opportunity for
instead of me trying to sell you something by the way that's the test nobody gets in the door who sells stuff
right there's no sales here you can't profit I don't want your super chats
okay I don't want them I'm gonna keep tabs on what you're saying I got a watchdog here who's keeping tabs on what
you're saying and when you say something relevant she is going to bark
right okay so I'm excited and I appreciate the fact that you that
everybody has been so supportive um hail Satan you know on that end let's
just let's just jump in and and see what we can do here do we have anything in
the chat this that would be good any comments here that we need to consider
why don't you just go ahead and read it Mark it out go ahead
we'll get our format done let's get that snake bite we got snake we got John's apocalypse yeah okay all
right I see where you are you're hungry you hungry feed them they're hungry I'll feed them I apologize let's proceed
let's put ourselves in the time machine close door everybody's in we're good
we're locking down we're going we've got a document because we're necromancers
we're going to use human thought as our wave we've got a document from
Antiquity that we can say a few things about its date we know that it's
preserved by one of the early Imperial Physicians yeah and we know that it's a address to
Nero in a funny kind of way it puts Nero in
the place of the Divinity that you are imprecating yeah now who's gonna know
this nobody nobody is going to know this you can take the documents that I show
you you can take them to a classicist you can force them to read them to you
yeah but nobody studies this nobody why
why am I studying this and why am I bringing it to you because the Muse told me to
and because she very intelligently led me into right
into this pathway ancient pharmacology oh we have this great text so we have
this great text go ahead and bring up it's number three there bring that up on you yes oh and look what is this thing
can I just tell you what this thing is here we go we're almost there the world
is almost changed but it's give it one more 30 second interval
um it's repeating cycle anyway um look at this people look at this
bring up the bring up the score here oh my God and drama who
said no oh my God
hey color mini Helena
oh my God you know what that is this is the theriac
this is the Beast ceriac is the Beast look at you grubby little
did you so you love it you got the Beast right up front right in your face this
is the Beast it's called etheriac
does anybody know what a theriac is
does anybody know what etheriac is nobody knows yet what a theriac is or
they're not fast enough to type so what is it it's the word for for uh
serpent or beast or a wild uh dangerous thing we've translated with the word
beast in English but a theriac is a multi-component formula that's used in
religious rights and in on the medical side what you and I would call straight up medicine but
they're not um they're not distinguishing between medicine and religion right so when for
example when you're giving a woman bring a woman to the point of birthing that's
a ritual right there's singing involved in that you know we don't
um we don't feel that way but they did so you should understand that
this is what how culture transmits that spark
as as notice called it yeah beautiful beautiful okay so our time
machine has come to rest and here we are we're stepping out we're going to start in the first century with Nero because
we know this thing go ahead and put it up again we know this thing is written
um to Caesar right right it puts Caesar's name what is this it's couplets
couplets of verse right the theriac that
which is called Galena or she was called means
the calm the calm
and this author who is writing this is using a formula
that appears to date back to the blank Bronze Age
heavily mycenae and influence you know they've got all the poppy got all the poppy trade going on you
know the cypriots and the the temples of Aphrodite or or heavily heavy heavy
heavy on the opiates um and they're in the formula which we'll read to you we'll read it's it's
in the formula but the world is not the place that you think it is
yeah unless you've been there unless your feet have gotten dirty you're not going to know who the Beast is unless
your feet have walked in that soil and you can't do it you can't do it
I've watched you guys go on your shows I've watched you guys sit and listen to each other seeing how you work
yeah you can't use those texts that you use right we don't even you're shut off the
only way there is the muse that's the only way you have to find
that pure stream they called it an antiquity and the ancient Greek preserves it and
when I say ancient Greek let me just tell you something just to tell you something about me
and about our satanic cult and
you're really dipping into such depth
with the Greek and people say well what do you mean well um you're English
your English skills your English skills are
um presumably maybe most of you um your English skills will be
a reflection of the last 800 years
when you're dealing with a Greek text you're dealing with several thousand years distilled into these languages
into this language and so the Expressions that you get and I could show you one word logos for
example you try to Define it as word and and when I show you what the definition of logos is and how it's about eight
pages long and hundreds of examples of different forms of the word
you would be amazed you would realize oh sh I'm swimming in a deep Gulf that's
where I have to get you and that's where we're gonna go with this text because I'm going to use that to hypnotize you
yes somebody asked how do you how do you find the Muse that's a good question
that's something worth answering yeah remember in the center
the other tongue they call it of the temple it's the part that is that
carries the image the adolon in the central point of the Temple of
the muse is a phallus
yeah yeah so how do you find the muse
um I would look for beauty and I would look for a a phallic Center
yeah you can't get away from that Eros as we're learning magic because I'll show you a couple of magic texts and
you'll I mean the bad stuff too by the way I thought I should probably say in
all fairness we need to I need to issue a warning the material that I work with
the educational material that I want to expose you to it tends to be difficult
to digest not because the concepts are hard to
understand but they are so shocking to our Victorian senses
that I'm typically required to maintain a very
family-friendly scientific terminology for these body parts and this
processes they go through and the things that they produce and the communion
and when it comes down to it when people find out that the communions for the ancient Mysteries were body fluids
sexual fluids you know and you're reading Galen and you're like oh my
goodness how long is this description of the the serous component of pre-pubertal
male ejaculate yeah it becomes you know you realize what they're in what they're doing and
kind of the depths to which they go I swore when I was a grad student and I
was pulled into my committee um for that was overseeing my dissertation when they told me
um the head of the department Got Me by myself and they said you'll get your dissertation as long as you take out the
chapter on recreational drugs it was it was Pharmacy in Rome they said take out
the chapter on recreational drugs so um to get your PhD and I said why and
they said the head of the department said the Romans just wouldn't do such a thing I almost laughed I almost laughed
I had to stop and I vowed at that time to always dig
as deeply as I could possibly go to see the real and I've seen some um for
example Smyrna this is this is the perfect time for us to mention Smyrna you know the time ship is cooling we're
gonna step outside and walk around but as it's cooling you know we have this thing called Smyrna you can get Smyrna
from the priestesses on Cyprus yeah
um the priestesses of Aphrodite and it's an oil it's an oil compounded of a
toxin that is used in arrows in scythia by
scythian archers and these are you know these are real Amazonian
Black Sea Bronze Age types
I've got an actual video of one of these that um the Ukrainian Joan of Arc that I
want to show you in just a minute so that we can have a living image
of the virgin mother yeah Joan of Arc another comment here
that looks like yeah yeah what incense are we using Lord
Sobek it's always with the incense I hereby charge you with the
keeping of the templum and you must always assign us an incense right we're
here in mourning keep it keep it to the books so back we're here in mourning so
um mourning the death of Jehovah so um yeah
tell me about the Smyrna oh it's this gorgeous stuff that you it's got a beautiful any perfumers in the group and
I'm not all I do is read about what they did in Antiquity she probably loved this
they're oil-based and they use um myrrh things like myrrh and
frankincense as the bases for the oil for the Smyrna and they used
nard they used something called Syrian nard and tracking down these drugs is no
fun it's no fun because they're hard to identify but most of them you know thanks to the medieval list we kept a
pretty good track of which plants are which so yeah anyway um some Syrian nard and you know you've
got your opium and you've got your purple and um that's that stuff you get from the
smallest that lives at the you know the Mediterranean you pull that thing up it's why the Phoenicians are the
Phoenicians you know why they call inflammations don't you say Heracles dogs baby that's why they've got that
purple stripe on their mouth yeah you got it sometimes the eyes
sometimes the eyes yeah that's that's cool stuff cool stuff
um we'll say that yeah we'll save that I think we're on a good train we got to go out and take the folks out into the ship
please pull up please pull up our text or holy text if you'll all turn with me
to today's hymn arthuriac of andromicus number three yep
there we go okay I want to read you the first couple of lines of that Colussy
priyadon is a word that oh it's he's using it here
to modify strength but it means like the ultimate the highest and it's used in
cult it's using cult context all the time it's gorgeousness anyway
first couplet let me finish the second line so I can get the first couplet in
bring up my face yeah yeah there's no translation of this so I will translate
it for you fortunately I've got a couple of sheets because this is written in a
form very very similar to the orphic hymns the the best staters put the date on those
at around late Bronze Age pre-homeric yeah good stuff anyway the late people
who date those things late they're guessing and they're terrible linguists because we have mycenae and influence
so when that's early Mycenaeans early right that's the old Greek that's this stuff that's this stuff
that's that's the name of a god in Mycenaean Linear B
um the the midday or the middle or the
Madeira you like that I like that anyway I saw yeah so you can see who it's addressed
what it's doing is it's following liturgical um performance right this is liturgy
this is a direction it's a song so we're guiding the the images in the song to
fit the initiation you can imagine that you're sitting yes we actually have a text that you could hear if you were
sitting in an ancient initiation let that sink into your head for one minute I have brought you today a text that is
not surfaced in 2 000 years into our language and I'm bringing you now and
making that 10 the temple that I say Temple that Temple of Babylon I am making that Tower
connecting to you through the waters okay here we go hear me clue see it's an
imprecation who do you normally implicate here this is what they said did you hear the Priestess she's singing
now and she's got the Smyrna on and the Smyrna is on her private parts
and that's important because we're going to drink a mixture of her ejaculation
and that is going to put us in the place where we can see everything
not just our Dimension but the other one that
I don't know if the guy's in my dear right but the one that sits over us and occupies the same space I let him they
can work out the physics um but that's what that's what we're here for we're here to bring that
resurrection and you say wait a minute your Resurrection are you kidding you
Satanist yes here's a key for the word today Satan
Satan you'll be told by this the well some um mostly by the people who do the
Semitic languages they'll see oh God we have to figure out what this from it can't be it's got to be from Hebrew or
Aramaic it's kind of be no it's just saturna from Mycenaean and the road gets
swallowed into the new which is common so um Satan is saturnian worship it's
saturnian worship so get your Holiness together land on your feet and realize that we
have a type of mystery that is from the Bronze Age
that is functioning yes for your perception the thing that you
should know right now that you didn't know is that Judaism and Christianity are the
development of satanic Bronze Age mystery cult
it's where the sons of God all got all their drugs right a lot of drugs can we
go to drugs yet are there any drugs we got to keep reading our texts um I've got a I've got a question let me
consult the death
um yeah so you're you're noticing Saturn and Satan as being
um the same yeah very much so very much so so let's show it let's instead of me
giving you BS let's just look at the text what does that text say bring the text back up number three
yeah hear me and who do you usually hear when the Priestess starts saying this who does she's imprecating the God that
you are worshiping the one whose power you are drawing down okay the witches call this drawing down
the Moon right because that's the Goddess that they drew down
but in our initiation in our saturnian or satanic initiation who are we calling
down who's it and it puts kaisar
into the place Nero interesting interesting hmm
sounds like an sounds like a some sort of Interest must
have been in the palace was Nero if his priestesses are going to be involved in cult that
this court mogas of his he's called an iotro um
uh a an archeatrix an uh sorry
um yeah an archeatrix right the first he's the highest um physician right is there
was a time long story short there was a time in Rome first century there's there's a Medicus or a doctor
who is assigned usually someone with Greek training who is assigned to the uh whoever happens to be in power whichever
the Emperors happens to be in for the day right and that archmage position
um ultimately becomes the body physician right by the time of Galen and Marcus
Aurelius because that's really what Galen is he's the personal body physician anyway so it only makes sense
that Galen is bringing us these old you know look at this look at what Nero's
look at what Nero's number one physician well look what his arch doctor
said yeah um and here it is here okay let's get
into the formula and let's see cluthie Polo throne
wow what does he say yeah listen up Caesar here oh Caesar put in your ears
Caesar what the unassailable strength
of the polythonic antidote
the polythronic antidote is a word it just literally means many
Thrones but I told you I was going to teach you some orific Vox
and here's where we start polu thronos polu thronos
right polytronion that word mini throne throne
is pharmacon a power
a throne is a seat from which power is administered a mini thrown drug
is a polypharmaceutical okay you could have just said that
but since you have ears to hear you know this is where these powers are coming from you wanted to see the Throne of
Satan right give me a hands up if you wanted to see the Throne of Satan
because that Throne is that pharmacological power that's why they call them Wizards
sorceresses um let me go I'm gonna go to your questions here I'm being told there's a
what is that document you keep showing what is that good question what is that
yeah well it's a you know German Edition of the Corpus metachorum gricorum as you
must know nosy bird and it comes from those Germans in the
early oh it's probably 28 29 30 something like
that um who we're doing the body of medical works from antiquity
there you know we have these great medical Works nobody knows about you go to any classicist you can ask them right
give me some works on antidotes right there's a whole there's a whole genre on
antidotes alone Galen has like a 700 page book on antidotes nobody ever
touches it full of full of stuff that makes you
it makes you wonder okay I need to take them back hurry we need to get them on
board with this give them a stiff injection yeah so here hear me hear the great
strength of the many thrown antidote
okay Caesar yeah what kind of antidote it's got a name it's got a three-word
name is
ah it's beautiful The Giver of
unconquerable freedom or and when they say unconquerable they mean
you are in a position of not being able to be overthrown
because you have no fear
no fear it turns out God was a liar
Yeah in our universe take a look outside step outside the ship and take a look because in our universe
of this first century where Paul reads the Septuagint in Greek because there is nothing in Hebrew he
reads it in Greek and everybody quotes it in Greek um at this age we have to say what is
this what is the what is going on here with the words what are they showing us in the words
where are we going and that's what I'm trying to do here with you the giver of on
unassailable Freedom wait did he just call a drug a a provider of Freedom yes
and I'll show you a hymn that will show you the savior through home
you can actuate the mystery
yeah it's amazing stuff remember we're profaning we're profaning on that next
line on that next line line three LD on he's he says look she's got names they
call her things in different places right that third line hilarene they call her
hilare you've heard the word hilarious in English this is the original hilarious you wanna
know what that was that was a procession of pockets in March
opening the month of Mars at its apex
now I love it love it and who do we worship we worship civilly why do you think we're mourning
because he died and we're gonna raise him again
isn't that something who wants salvation now who wants salvation
um yeah they call her they also call her what gelena they call her the piece that's
like the piece the rest the calm and they call her El Dion El Dion comes
from two comes from ale prefix l meaning good or well
and um Dion what looks like we think it's probably
from Zeus ultimately from the word for God yeah so that which bestows the
L diamond yeah cool um why because you got to remember these
people are you've already taken a drug you've already taken the communion and you've entered a state of frenzy right
and you're dying so you need Galena you need the antidote
to bring you back right if remember oh I forgot all of
this is about resurrection and birth rebirth death
um and your vision of the cosmos
something that I cannot charge you for technically your vision of the cosmos is that
process and this is a prison
this is a prison that is because we stepped out of the time ship right this is how the world is
working this is how the quantum cognitive stream is flowing
okay so these are Resurrection death and Resurrection
Mysteries okay um yeah so uh
um he's about to go through a list of drugs and of those drugs I just want to
put some of these plants up here um he mentions opium
um and remember opium's not a big deal because you know Virgil in the Georges tells us how to cultivate opium he
writes of work about farming and he tells us this is how you grow opium and because they're using a ton of opium
and Antiquity um and it's in medicine it's a huge you know killing pain is a huge deal
right I mean she got kicked out of the garden right forced into that episode of pain
right because they took away your drugs right you weren't supposed to open her eyes and make her like us
Bronze Age it's Bronze Age cult fantastic lots of lots of snakes he's
about to talk to you about some of the snakes that are involved in the cult and he tells us in one line and one line
I just want to mention he tells us that these things are even more powerful
Galena the Syriac the Beast is more
powerful than any toxin of any serpent
yeah so these people were heavy heavy heavy flash up some serpents
um heavy heavy heavy um into the Venoms and in this one they add
scorpion venom they add scorpion venom
[Music] so I'm not quite sure if the guys in Pakistan who are now smoking scorpion
might be able to fill you in on the intricacies of the
psychedelic benefits health benefits of smoking the Scorpion
but it's in it so the toxin is in it and remember this
is the Luscious part don't you want you know you want to hear it throw me up some more of the drugs what we're also talking about oh Hemlock everybody loves
Hemlock right yep there's the hemlock pretty green oh that's nice
and everybody talks about that because Socrates had to drink the hemlock right but they know it can be used at a low
low concentration right you just don't pound you when you compound it you make
it with the right dosages of everything and when you do that with the hemlock you turn yourself into a party guy right
they find these people in the streets on all fours right it's legal in the
taverns you can buy all these drugs in their own marketplace right you buy everything right from all over the all
over the you know they're trading influence right so um yeah but you got the spices and you
get all the goodies and you get all of these these North African vipers that they're selling the Venom they're
selling the Venom of the Viper in the marketplace right so you take these lucan's the one who tells us that if you
if you want to look him up it's in his Civil Wars he's quite his Civil War he's
quite this Aficionado of snakes and the different types of venom
uh that can do different things to your body and you know there's so such cool
descriptions in these medical texts oh man you give you get bitten by the dip sass
and what does it do to you it's a horned viper from North there oh look he shot
himself on the screen yeah yep devil is always there right see his horns now you
know why Moses has horns right bring him back up no bring us up bring up there he is take a look at him for a minute and
realize that you're milking him and you're adding him to opium and you're adding him to
um things like Hemlock and the deep purple dye that comes out of the bottom
of the Mediterranean from that shellfish and you're taking that and you're anointing
that is you're greasing up you're lubricating and alabastrum
right which we all know I've told you guys that before that's Mary's um medicated dildo right because an
Antiquity you don't have injection technology you know they don't make this tiny tiny case needles and we'll stick
those things no but you got a perfectly good Avenue up your backside
right you can put drugs in there that can have immediate access you know and
um you know there might be benefits um to and so you know you know what
neighborhood you're in right you have the aphrodisiacs and you got the you
know um you got the Priestess and she's with him and she's got the she's got the
purple um in the Smyrna that is then being ejaculated into the tripod and all of a
sudden you're in the uh you're in a poly pharmaceutical Wonder World
and what happens to the fetus this you guys will love this you I mean
we gotta if we're if we're doing this all the way we gotta tell you what they're doing I mean this is usually
where I get interrupted right but I want you to know this right she
under the influence of the God on Sabbath is able
to ejaculate your Hyma of communion
yeah and that is part of a process that contains
her embryo and the drugs
that either killed that embryo and flushed it into your communion
or allowed her to produce the son of God right if that child lived
bathed that thing in the Viper Venom and what do you get you get two out of three dead babies is
what you get right but um that third
that third is a giant a giant yeah
they they say you burn off their mortality does anybody want to know how to burn off your mortality
I would like to know that I would like to know it's women
it's women who have given us this right and this is this is before protoh Hebrew right this
is this is before anything that you think is even remotely what you call Christian
it's the foundation for Christianity made by women right the first example we have of a
savior is a sotera a female savior who is the Great
midwife that's right many of you out there don't know your own mother right
but she stands at the gate this Midwife stands at the Gateway the entrance when
I was kicked out of Saint Mary's University
and charged with um demon possession and portal opening
right you don't get portal opening without her
for those of you who want the quantum physics I don't care figure it out become Geniuses that's
not my bag the point is that the first savior is a woman
the first savior is a woman there is a good reason that Jesus is arrested
in a pre-dawn raid of a public park with a naked boy
the only thing they got it off of him was the medicated bandage that was on his privates
do you know what you can do bring us the Spanish Fly can you bring us this yes
now that's not the Spanish Fly that's the result of too much of the Spanish
Fly where's the there's the Spanish Fly Right this little guy has a tendency he's got
a stuff under his wings he's got this ooze you can take that stuff it is
incredible Viagra it is a vasodilator the Romans swore by it by its proper by
its proper preparation you could take somebody who's impotent and give them a
sustainable erection um uh and it put them into what they
called priapismos priapism don't you love it that guy's worshiping
purpose the god of the erection yeah and what comes from purpose what
comes from priapus is the communion right you didn't think you'd get out of the devil's party without an Awakening
did you you you get the seed the heima the essence
that's what you get in the dirty dirty dirty Book of Ezekiel
um in the Bible hold that thought the demons below oh
amazing um yeah very nice I like that very nice
um yeah so um
let's get started shall we in the in the incantation I want to bring you
speaking of Amazon's Amazonian Black Sea tribes late Bronze
Age I want to show you a modern
um Joan of Arc and I know some of you want to see this I'm bringing you this clip
from newsy and thank you to the Intrepid news reporter who went out to find Joan
of Arc in the midst of the war and um was bold enough to have some
questions some great some not so great but in order for us to find Joan here
she is Joan of Arc go ahead and can we please universe it's trying to find us
she says if it sees her she knows what sound could come next The Wiz and bang
of incoming artillery spot the target dialed in and fire it's
a tactic she knows well because Emerald is a sniper we met emerald in a fully blacked out
part of the capital Kiev Far From The Trenches she lived in for months
important thing coming back to her home in Kiev with no electricity feels oddly
normal and so now does being a woman fighting with an otherwise all-male Squad it's
just me just you and a lot of man and were they always respectful to you yes
as a I really respect me and they said that I'm a war genius they said you're a
war genius yes did you have a nickname yes what ukrainians on the duck
Ukrainian Joan of Arc that title and her bright eyes and flaming red hair the Army emblazoned on
a patch they made for her so she's you have to be pretty special
to get to that point when you're country calls upon you um to go do this and that's what they
did they looked her up because they knew how good she was in her own field now any man out there
who thinks that a woman shouldn't be in the military yeah Joan proves you to be the
mind-controlled fool that you are yeah
um how do you break out of that ceiling you
know there's a ceiling there that says certain things have to be certain ways there's Dogma
the satanic Prime
directive is to follow reason
not faith you see this in the medieval Trials of
the sataness that they refuse Doctrine or Dogma
they insist upon reason that reason is the
reason is the gift of the one who doesn't lie you follow it turns out
Satan is called the liar but the very first liar in the Book of Genesis the
very first liar is God God says we don't want him to eat of that that tree because their eyes will
be opened and they'll be like us right he's he doesn't want them to have that
knowledge right and he says when this happens this will happen the devil says
who's the guardian right who's this Devil Dragon guy guarding the fruit right if you know the cult the Bronze
Age cult you'll know what that dragon is the dragon the Greek said this dragons are Temple Guardians
right they're usually guarding relics they have something to do with relics and you usually have Medusa
as a kind of class of dragon right they've
got that poison they put it in their hair that puts you down immediately it's a neurotoxin they just got a Nick you
with that stuff right turns you to Stone so
Lucifer is there with the tree right and the fruit
and he's like no he doesn't want you to do that because your eyes will be open well what happened their eyes were
opened right so this is where the nag hamadi comes in
and kicks us all in the under on the undercarriage pointing out that that god Jehovah
has no foresight [Laughter] is that a simple principle the great
mother just told you something about the father God he's got no uh no foresight he can't see the future
if he could he wouldn't have put him in the garden in the first place he wouldn't have had to kick anybody out
he's a failure and it turns out she's the ruler here
you know and so what was what was the dragon doing
the dragon was guarding the fruit of Ewa right which happens to
me in Greek the shout of the Bakken you know the shot of the Bakken so okay
where are we where are we we know I just want us to take a little perspective here
I need you to see that when Jesus is arrested in a public park at 4am with a
naked boy and a medicated rap I need you to see that there is something going on
here he has the boys Hyma right on his face
he asked not to take the cop something and the cop is bothering by the way
what's the cup we'll see if we continue reading translating
um this text um to Nero we'll see this Theory act we'll see that the cup is
the savior they provide you with the communion they are the cup and
that compost or that vagina was that original cup
right they looked at the they looked at the uterus as the Chamber of death and
it's from that death through the Savior she who guards the
doorway right that phrase I stand at the doorway guess what just like money is the root
of all evil that is not new to the first century right it's not new the satanists we're
testing people with money long before Jesus was ever saying
um hey my name is the root of all evil those are Vox those those are the well
case of the the voices of the orphic dragons in the end of today's
session and I want to go to questions now because I think we've looked at enough text and people have gotten enough in
their brain right it's enough to chew on that I'd like to go to you now so that
you're not just sitting there because I appreciate your time and I want to acknowledge your time and I want you to
ask some questions but I want your questions to be directed
toward that which we are venerating right we are venerating that
midwife that great mother who is the source of
death and life and why are we doing that because this is an initiation
the Romans and you're about to do this whether you like it or not you are going
to meet her she is latum she is death
and if you know her now and sh she brings you back to life
to a new birth yeah then you will have ionic life and
you say what is ionic life we don't have the concept today we translated that one as eternal life we
took a wrong turn through the Latin it's hilarious yeah no it's ionic
and the ion is outside Chronos
the ion is that which bounds it the pythagoreans talked about this this was their one of their contributions anyway
um let's get to your questions if you want ionic life um let's talk about uh who'd like to go
ahead give me a good question here um burning off immortality are you saying
um woman dams are immortality no no um what they're doing is they're taking
the child and they are burning off its mortality
we have this depicted vividly with the ellessinian Mysteries and it's a frightening process
frightening process and it kills two out of three so
um what do we do though um
are we killing our own children um the physics of it this is cool I read
this the physics of it are that you are actually entangled
with a number of Souls
that inhabit the all of being the cosmos
right and those Souls
can influence things that happen around you it's a it's basic ancient necromancy
it's it's absolutely fantastic but if we're going to go into take you to initiation we need to we need to look at
that um what happens to the what happens to the soul you gotta uh
and the only way to figure that out is to separate you from your body right okay wait we'll get to that we'll get to
that another question associated
okay Priestess pythia can you tell us what's in the horse cup what is the pornet it
seems obvious but I want to hear it from the devil's Lusty lips oh I like that that's a lot of
alliteration there I applaud you um who is that from Brian Brian okay
excellent a poet you make me want to smell the essence of
Lord Byron um yeah uh what is the cup of the pornaya right
um yeah because whoever drinks of it what happens to those people
yeah and who is she and they always separate her because I
know you're talking about Brian I know you're talking about the horror of Babylon they call her
which personally I think is a terrible name um but they always want to separate her
from that woman who is having that child you know Joan conceived on the battlefield
um we all think that she's the virgin mother but um we will find that child and we will
devour it right um chapter 12 of the Apocalypse remember
these writings belong to the sybils before they do John
right they're calling the early Christian syphilis for a good reason
okay Satanism I'm showing you the operation of Satanism which gives birth
to Judaism and Christianity okay let's go let's get another good
question have you read Pascal Beverly run off the claim that communion with semen this sword started the sex magic
movement Western okay um when it comes to things that I've read I listened to my advisor
um who told me the secondary stuff anything anybody else has written about it forget about
it right you don't need theories go back to the primary sources so unfortunately
um the the depths of my knowledge come from the primary sources and I'm
comfortable with those of antiquity in the Renaissance but um so that's kind of what I uh I
contain myself to but myself too but you had a good point
um yeah communion with semen yeah remember yeah we have the sources that tell us about the semen communion right
so we know they have a semen communion some people don't like it they're trying to tell other people to stop Nicholas is
using his wife just like Simon and he's got the whole thing set up where the
woman is the center of the mystery right that's original stuff bro that goes back
to Medea all right that goes back to her and so yeah it's it's original the savior is is
a woman right she's supposed to be a woman and why is that why is that because only her
body can make the communion so are are the are these communions sax
communities yeah and it's pissing off certain people don't say it's it's angering the Christians
right it's angering some of the Christians right the ones you know what
about the ones that are in the underground and doing you know um you know oh that's Romans they're
always arresting people because it's tying out somebody's taking somebody's kid off the street and abusing them
sexually abusing them and then you get into the you get into okay here you want
to go somewhere satanic I'll take you somewhere satanic I have seen a priest become possessed
with the devil to sodomize a boy who had been starved
for weeks strip naked oiled from the bottom of his feet to the top of his
head that's a religious that's a religious phrase by the way
um used in cult right uh and uh and then sodomized now the boys task is to scream
out the refutation right this is the early church this is what some of the things the Romans were
were uh we're bringing him up on charges for right especially in Alexandria Alexander is a hotbed for this
um you want to be involved with your boys you go to Alexandria it's no reason that Clements of Alexandria and pseudo
Clement you know talks about Jesus performing the mystery on the boys
right it's no wonder he talks about that a lot of stuff is coming out of the area maybe it's cultural there maybe it's I
don't know you have to but it's tolerated and anyway the Romans get involved because then you can't you know
law is law bro right so uh yeah yeah so
what do you do with these priests anyway what the goal of that you got to get this though this is the this is the
when you put that boy into that state what you're doing you've drugged him
right and what you're doing is you're causing him to enter the ecstatic
release the orge or orgasm as you as you and I would call it
right and uh his when he's in that state he's supposed to renounce at that climax
he's supposed to shout out and renounce the devil who has possessed the priest
who is sodomizing him following the way of Cain right he's administering that
drug anally on his own medicated body part
yeah and that kid is supposed to shout out he's supposed to say no and if he
does then he saved forever all right and we're told by the author
of this that the catechism or the kid that's involved sometimes can be emotionally
distraught you got to give him a bat you gotta baptize match this right wash them off
and sometimes they're distraught for weeks right afterwards you have to talk
to them and they'll ask you he said they'll ask you questions why the nakedness
why did I have to be naked during this whole process because Jesus was naked on the cross
right there's uh relationships you know it was a he was taken he they were giving him
anti-venom right when he don't tell anyone this this is just between us
but they were giving Jesus Anti-Venom on the cross there's formulas for that
specific antivenom and it causes that thirst and it's from the dips ass snake
it causes you to be really thirsty so no wonder you're sitting there crying out about being thirsty and then you know
spills is when the gay when he gets lanced um spills out a ton of water with his
blood right because he was drinking a lot he was thirsty he didn't want that cup
with that boy oh God how am I going to do this but he did it he ended up doing
it because he got the stuff all over his face the gallon of described you'll describe to you what pre-pube little boy
ejaculation is like right this is not something new saint
let me just add this pile this on then we got a girl I'm talking too much um back to questions
um uh Saint cyprian comes out of the graveyard with the Viper Venom drooling
out of his butt I I'm sorry for for the for my family guest out of his rectum
what else should I say out of his anus what is the proper what's the proper turn out of this whole no I don't think
he's no I think the most I think the the most polite term would be out of his
buttocks yeah anyway he's with a couple of prostitutes so-called and he's in the
cemetery was he doing the mystery you bet you bet he was
right get thee behind me Satan yeah so you we've got a lot to learn
um there's a lot that you know if we're going to grow this baby if we're going to grow this baby inside of us that's
the Son of God you know then that we we've got to learn our drugs and we've
got to learn what they're doing um with the drugs because we've got all the specifics there and part of this
formula that I started reading tonight that I'll maybe continue next time talks about what time and where and how often
to have intercourse during the process right because the ejaculate is the is
the um I mean imagine they're taking a drug from a person
they're taking a drug from a person and that person's body is creating the substance that allows
you to kick yourself into the visual the Dual universe that exists around you'll
see two sons I promise you and you'll know and once you know you'll be able to
speak the language then you'll understand and you'll have ears to hear
you'll have ears to hear and you'll be able to calm the winds
right because you have Galena if you have her you have everything and
that's what that's what Nero's um Arts doctor is talking about he's
grabbing that from an ancient ancient religious right
um and yeah um let's let's go quickly to questions and then I don't want to take forever
it's been an hour and you people have graciously given me your time but I just want to see if does anybody have any
feedback do they have any any questions about gaining the ears to hear that's
what's what we're doing are there other ways for people who don't have access to these exotic
ingredients you know um this is a question that I've gotten a
lot in the past two years I discussed my research with Dr Carl Rock who was the one who broke eluses that
hey they were using a drug it loses right and everybody's like no they could so
um I send my research back and forth to him and there's been an author who has
taken uh my work and other people's work and woven and modern uh a modern piece
on the communion yeah um
and I get that question oh how do we Okay so say we're a
billionaire and uh we want to have access to this thing we're not going to build a giant penis-shaped rocket ship
we're going to build a we're going to build a drug that's going to shoot us to
the other side yeah yeah we're gonna come back and we're gonna we're gonna
we're gonna have incredible power Quantum power we'll be able to entangle
everyone yeah control everything the muses voice will write everything it's gorgeousness
right um yeah uh no you can't because you have to have a
person right you have to have her you have to have that goddess
who can produce for you the substance that makes you alive from death
right that which brings you back that which puts you into death and brings you back you have to be able to to have that
Priestess that Oracle and we don't we don't have that Oracle
she would have to have been raised chemically I mean think of the conflict
think of the complexity of this ancient system
they're bathing their fetus in the drugs that they themselves
are using in the rights intentionally
to put to have a specific product um that can carry the voice that can
carry The Voice you know the mini Throne this is mini Throne you've seen the Throne of Satan
right um that seal by the way is it called trojis and you put those in your bottom
and they dissolve right so when it talks about breaking the seal and the Beast now that you're
in the right neighborhood and this is all that matters it's primary text everything else is bunk and
if you can't do the Greek learn it I'll teach it to you I have a bunch of students right now teaching them all
Greek and the ones that are aggressive they'll get there they'll get there and
you'll be facing Adam you'll be facing Adam
rivers and it all comes back it all comes back to
that medic Queen right and that's why we need her that's
why she is Lady Babylon that's why she is the enemy right
when people know that Jesus Christ
was arrested with a naked boy it changes their attitude I talked to a Street Preacher
the sheer logos sheer logos talk to the street Street Preacher about that naked
boy and you could see his Universe unravel
and you could see him left with the reality of what he had now I didn't give you any
theories tonight I didn't tell you my ideas I didn't tell you what I think I gave you ancient sources and tells you
what they said right and that's that's where our
strengths will come from um I want to develop with you the audience the orphic fox
so that you can enter that death and resurrection and you can see her
visualize you can see her
all we have to do is kiss the devil's anus
anus is a word for an assistant who prepares a drug
we have to kiss her she's the one who knows everything okay um I think we're gonna and I'm gonna look for any
brilliant last minute questions why didn't he want our eyes open
um was there an actual reason given yeah he didn't want you to be like he was
that was the reason right right so what does that mean nice question Gina yeah Eve didn't get
it she got the apple and ended up naked right she got the fruit and ended up naked
yeah she got it right
why wouldn't he want your eyes open what a great question what kind of God
as long as we're blaspheming I mean consider Jehovah consider him he kicks
out his own wife he takes the queen and kicks her out forbids the honor
forbids the honor and turns into this sex-hating fiend who couldn't get it right in the first
place and I had to kick everybody out of paradise he's got no foresight dude dude has no
foresight how can we follow that it's a shame the death you know here at his death we have
to mourn this entity imagine an entity like that a woman hating entity right
from the very beginning of woman hater it's not something you got to cover your
head right you got to cover your head no you don't have to cover your head if you
want to find Freedom shave it shave it and speak woman
speak yeah I love it I love it I wish you were all Jonah is there are there any Joan of
arcs out there you know it you know there's gotta be in this
audience somewhere one of you has the voice right one of you this is one of them have the voice
foreign
yeah Zoe's tree right Zoe's tree
Adam and Adam and yeah and Eve the shout of that
of that unconquerable freedom that Fearless Freedom do you have that have you ever
been promised that by Jehovah no no you were promised the opposite right that's
the whole point of job the devil is able to come to him and they will say look your people are you
you people just follow you because of what you give them right and then he takes everything where he's like no no
no take everything away strip from everything it takes everything away and then what happens in the end
Jehovah gives everything back to him plus
and so he's yeah look who he is You just prove the devil's point
he just proved his point your people follow you because of what you give them
now is the time of mourning shave your head and mourn enter into that death
that you might have ionic life that's the mystery right gorgeousness
it's gorgeousness if don't worry there's a woman's mind behind it right it's not we're safe with that with the female
intellect guiding us I don't think we can we can go follow the way of the Taliban
right and by the way you women in Iran good for you you high school girls who
stood up best students I ever had high school girls hands down you high school girls who stood out and took off took
off your your bondage your fabric of bondage let your voice be heard your
daughters and their daughters will venerate you
good for you that's that's alive man that's alive okay um that's enough now
um one more last we've got one more comment here
yes exactly exactly all right good we answered that one
telepathically um thank you guys for cut uh for coming tonight and what you have done is you've
entered into a contract now and for those of you who are hungry for that
ionic life and for those of you who want that skill
um I'm happy to profane everything I'll bring you the magic that shows you how
to do these things remember I was kicked out of a university after opening
portals I was investigated by the by the bishop you know it wasn't at the time I
didn't consider it but you know it's quite a great honor to be in that position so I can show you some of the
stuff that you might not have considered would be
accessible to you but now can be accessible to you I'll take you to those places and I think next time that we
meet on this Sabbat this day that is ours this day of Saturn that is
ours beginning in darkness this is the this is our time this is and
I'm gonna keep bringing you the freakiest most disturbing
real text yeah so that you can see what that world
was like you can know it you can make your own decision and other than that I say hail Satan thank you for coming and
I look forward to seeing you in the future [Music]